Sales team will get all the materials from clients audio image video documents etc... then they will create a task for eg "Profile" (task name will be like Brand Name > Edition name > task name)and upload all these files. Then they will assign this task to editorial team, the team manager either handles the task himself or assign to team member. Once the team member finishes the task he will upload the document and it will come back to managers dashboard where he can review, re assign to team mate or send back to sales team. Then the sales person will download that document and send it for client approval in email (outside of this task manager). Once he gets the feedback sales person will upload the additional documents and comments in the same task and again send it to editor. This will go back and forth till the finall approved document is ready. Once the final document is ready the editor uploads that and send it to designers dashboard. The design manager will either handles himself or assign to team mate. The designer functionality is same as editor. once the creative is ready the designer will upload that and send to editorial for proof reading, if any mistakes are there again he will assign to designer will updated document and comments. Once the final creative is ready designer will assing the task to editor and once editor approves he will send it back to sales person and sales person will send the creative for client approval. if corrections are there again all the above process will happen again. or if everything is approved sales person will close the task as successfully completed. ours is a magazine firm so the task creation is like Brand name (Magazine name) we should be able to create or delete new brands. Every brand will have several editions we should be able to create/ delete editions. In editions we will create the above mentions tasks. There will be several tasks under 1 editions eg profile, cover, intro, editorial, ads etc App should be fast and simple with a simple user friendly Ui so please update the features. we should be able to see task history so that we can see and download the latest file and if required old files also. Every assigns and upload should be there in history like who uploaded, when, who assigned to whom, now task is with whom. Also every task should have a unique task id so that we can search task. Also we can manually go and see all the talks of a particular edition. So while creating tassk it should ask for to which brand which edition under. there should be an option Others for some other tasks which are not related to any magazine Everyones dashboard home page will have a calendar. Managers can see their tasks and their teams tasks in calendar (color coded). If any task is beyond deadline they should get a notification, managers should get theirs as well as their teams. Once all tasks of an Edition is completed Sales person will have an option to request to launch the magazine by putting the launch date. Once he request to launch both editor and designer (and all assigned persons) will get notification and it will be added to their calendar. Once the magazine is launched the editor will mark it as Magazine Launched. Once magazine is in launched status after 48 hrs (excluding sat sun) Designer will get a notification "time for reprint" And a new task is automatically assigned to designer "Prepare Reprints" under the Same edition. And once Reprint task is closed by sales person after 24 hours a new notification and task will be created for designer "Prepare Twitter Marketing". That is like the final task of that magazine. After that after 48 hours of closing twitter marketing task sales person and editor should get a poup up like "All taskes completed of (Magazine > edition name) can it go for print. Once both sales and editor approves it designer will get a task "Generate Print (Magazine > edition name) under same edition. this is the final talk of an edition once designer generate print material designer will have an option to sign off (Magazine > edition name). That means that particular editions works are successfully completed. No more Tasks in that. It will go to completed satethe landing page dashboard should be neat simple colourfull with an summerised view of eveything in card style. Instead of side navigation to other pages give in card style only in landing dashboard page. Calender should the present in dashboard with a clean view. Recent completed task lis also should be there so if any mistake happens we can go to past task and reuplod with original file.Please give a step by step cursor ai prompt for this. Code not required only clear prompt. I’ve zero knowledge about coading so if i paste prompt in cursor ai i should get the files and i will upload that to replit. So it should work smoothly